
Heart Attack!
	A love simulation game by Lucy Ding and Gregory McIntyre.

Character Creation
	o Select Sex.
	o Enter name.
	o Enter birthday.
	o Your Horoscope will be given to you based on your birthday.
	o Spend points on Primary Attributes.
		These will be fixed for the duration of the game.
	o Purchase Merits and Flaws.
		Merits cost character points at creation time, while Flaws
		give you more points to spend elsewhere.

		Merits
			Rich Parents
				You obtain twice the money you otherwise would from
				your parents.
			??
		Flaws
			??

Basic Gameplay
	There are two stages to each day, morning and afternoon, each has
	different options in a menu. In the morning, you can go to school,
	for example, and if you wag school you can do 'afternoon' things
	in the morning.

Activities
	Each morning you start at home. You may choose to go somewhere
	(to a Location), but once there must spent your entire morning
	there. When at your desired Location, you have 6 hours to
	spend on Activities. Some Activities take a long time, others
	a short time.

	If an activity takes longer than can be fitted in the morning,
	a warning will be shown, and if you wish, the extra hours will
	be deducted from the afternoon.

	When morning hours are used up, afternoon arrives. In the
	afternoon the process is repeated, except with 'afternoon'
	options. If you do something which takes too many hours in the
	afternoon, it means you stay up late, which decreases your
	Health by the number of hours you stay up late.

	Year (e.g. 2001) is not stored, but year of schooling (e.g. 
	year 7 - year 12) is.

	2 days out of 7 are Weekend days, during which you don't need
	to attend school. The Morning is simply considered as an
	Afternoon (i.e. you automatically get the Afternoon menu).

	Store: Date, time (morning/afternoon), hours left.

	Schedule
		To keep organised, you have a schedule feature in the game
		which simply keeps track of what invitations you've extended
		to whom and for when. When you Invite somebody, it fixes your
		activity for this time. When the time comes, you will simply
		receive a prompt asking if you'd like to proceed with the
		promise. If you wish, you can break your promise and do
		something else, but it costs a lot of Friendship.

		Sometimes other people will arrange parties or other events,
		and invite you. If you accept, the scheule works in the same
		way.

		Store: Hash of (date, time) -> (activity, location, array of people).

	Morning Activities
		Wag School (Location = Home)
			= You get to do Afternoon Activities in the Morning.
			- You can miss friends and exam dates.
			- Small chance of being caught by a truancy officer, which
			  greatly lowers Parental Approval.
		Go out...
			(See Afternoon)
		Go to School... (Location = School)
			Study (2 hours)
				+ Increases Studiousness.
				= Slightly decreases Extroversion.
			Pay Attention to <person> (1 hour)
				+ Informs you about <person>. You can 
					o Get their physical description (short, slim, blue eyes).
					o See how they look (stressed, happy).
					o Guess what they're thinking.
				+ Increases their Attention.
				= Slightly decreases Extroversion.
			Talk to <person>... (1 hour)
				+ Increases (person)'s Attention.
				= Slightly increases Extroversion.
				- Small chance of getting a detention for talking in class.
				Choices:
					Exchange phone numbers
						+ Increases Friendship.
						+ Increases Romance if already high.
						- Fails and decreases Friendship and Romance if neither are high.
					Gossip about <person>
						+ Increases Friendship.
						+ Reveals information about a Relationship.
						- Increase Jealousy of <person> if Romance with both is high.
					Give Present
						+ Increases Friendship (Materialism).
						+ Increases Romance (Materialism).
						- Must have Item to give.
					Compliment
						+ Increases Friendship.
						+ Increases Romance.
						- Decreases Friendship and Romance if neither are high.
					Invite
						When you Invite somebody to do something, it
						fixes that occasion in your Schedule at the
						time you choose. Depending on the time of day,
						you can Invite somebody for
							This/Tomorrow Afternoon
							The Weekend
						Choices:
							Invite to Cinema
								+ Increases Friendship.
								+ Increases Romance if already high and only one invited.
								- Costs Money.
							Invite to Arcade
								= Increases Extroversion.
								+ Increases Friendship if Extroverted.
								- Decreases Friendship if Introverted.
								- Costs Money.
							Invite to Mall
								= Increases Extroversion.
								+ Increases Friendship if Extroverted.
								- Decreases Friendship if Introverted.
								+ Allows you to buy Items.
							Invite to Library
								= Slightly decreases Extroversion.
								+ Increases Studiousness.
								+ Increases Friendship if Introverted.
								- Decreases Friendship if Extroverted.
								+ Increases Romance if already high and only one invited.
								- Decreases Friendship and Romance if neither are high.
							Invite to My House
								+ Increases Friendship.
								+ Increases Romance if already very high.
								- Decreases Friendship and Romance if Friendship not high.
							Invite to Gym
								+ Increases Health.
								+ Increases Friendship if Extroverted.
								- Decreases Friendship if Introverted.
								+ Increases Romance if already high.
								- Decreases Friendship and Romance if Friendship not high.
							Invite to Restaurant
								+ Increases Health.
								+ Increases Friendship.
								+ Increases Romance if already high.
								- Decreases Friendship and Romance if Friendship not high.
			Tell Joke (1 hour)
				= Slightly increases Extroversion.
				= Increases or decreases friendship with class members
				  depending on whether or not they like extroverts or
				  introverts.
				- Small chance of getting a detention for telling jokes in class.
			Suck Up to Teacher (1 hour)
				+ Increases Studiousness.
				- Slightly decreases Friendship with everybody.

	Afternoon Activities
		Study (2 hours)
			+ Increases Studiousness.
			= Slightly decreases Extroversion.
		Spend Quality Time with Parents (4 hours)
			+ Increases Parental Approval.
			= Slightly decreases Extroversion.
		Call <person>... (1 hour)
			= Must have their number.
			+ Gives you Talk menu from Morning.
			+ Increases (person)'s Attention.
			- Small chance of annoying parents by hogging phone (-Parental Approval).
		Work
		Look for Work
		Go out...
			= Set Location for the duration of this Morning/Afternoon.
			Choices:
				Mall
					Clothes shop
					Presents shops
					Florist (must be used that day or next day)
					Book shop (Lots of fun here Greg)
					Supermarket
					Toys

				<person>'s House
					Give present to parents
					Gossip
					Study
					Play board games
					Read their diary while they're not looking (chance of getting caught!)
					Make Move
						Hold hands
						Quick hug
						Arm around shoulder
						Peck on the cheek
						Kiss
				Cinema
				Library
					Read
						Read Dolly (teenage) Magazines
							+ Increases Style.
						Read text books
							+ Increases Studiousness.
					Study with <person>
				Gym
					Workout
				Arcade (play various games) - increases extroversion
					Fortune teller machine
						Uses player's and (friend)'s horoscopes
					Skilltester
						You can win prizes for friends
					Air hockey
						Winning or losing too much against (friend)
						decreases your friendship with them. Keeping a
						ratio of 45% winning is ideal. Anything between
						60% and 30% increases friendship. Anything outside
						30-60% decreases friendship. Ability to win
						determined by a combination of health,
						intelligence and chance.
					Video games
						???

Class Implementations
	Person
		Sex (M/F)
			M = male, F = female.
		Age (13 - 18)
			Age differences can cause social stigmas.
		Horoscope (1-12)
			Aries, Aquarius, Cancer, Capricorn, Gemini, Leo, Libra,
			Pisces, Sagitarius, Scorpio, Taurus, Virgo. Used for the
			fortune teller machine in the arcade.
		Height (String)
			little, short, normal, tall, imposing
		Weight (String)
			skinny, slim, normal, plump, fat
		Hair (String)
			{HAIR_ADJ} {HAIR_COL}
		Eyes (String)
			{EYES_ADJ} {EYES_COL}
		Primary Attributes
			Metabolism (1 - 10)
				People with high metabolism don't get fat no matter what
				they eat. They seem fit and healthy.
			Beauty (1 - 10)
				Beautiful people attract more romantic interest.
			Intelligence (1 - 10)
				Intelligent people get good Grades and attract other
				intelligent people.

		Attributes
			Health (0 - 100)
				Health suffers if you eat poorly, stay up late, etc. If it
				reaches 0, your concerned parents ship you off to a fat
				farm (Game Over). Exercise and healthy food increase your
				health. Being fit and healthy can attract some people.
			Style (0 - 100)
				This represents your dress sense. Go shopping with a high
				Style rating, and you'll come back with super classy
				outfits. If you don't have any style, you may have to go
				shopping with a friend who has a high Style rating, and
				listen to their advice. Reading fashion magazines
				increases Style.
			Studiousness (0 - 100)
				Determines your Grades for exams. Grades are the primary
				influencing factor on Parental Approval and therefore the
				main thing preventing you from being shipped off to
				boarding school.
			Perception (0 - 100)
				Increases when you gossip on the phone and observe
				friends. Determines how accurate your information is,
				and your ability to gossip.
			Extroversion (0 - 100)
				Extroversion suffers when you don't talk to people enough,
				or go out with friends in groups. Some people like
				extroverts and some like introverts.
		Inventory (Array)
		Relationships (Hash of people -> Relationship)

	You (are a Person)
		Parental Approval (0 - 100)
			0 = "the evil child", 100 = "the perfect angel". Starting
			value = 50. The happier your parents are with you, the
			more of their income they'll pass on to you as pocket
			money. If your parents aren't happy with you, they'll
			ground you or, if you really neglect them, ship you off
			to boarding school (Game Over).
		Job (name of job, if you have one)
			A part time job will reel in the money for you to spend on
			your loved ones. But you may be asked to work at
			inconvenient times. And, of course, if you don't turn up
			to your job repeatedly, you'll get the sack.
		Job Level (0 - 10)
			0 = new employee, 10 = inheriting the business. Your level of
			promotion. This combined with your job determines your salary.
		Job Salary (1 - ?)
			How much moola your job earns you each time you work.
		Boss Approval (0 - 100)
			Each time your boss' approval hits 100, you get promoted,
			and it starts again at 20 + Job Level. If it hits 0 you're
			fired. Each time you miss work you lose Boss Approval.
		Money (0 - ?)
			With money you can buy your loved ones presents, and take
			them to the cinema or the arcade. You'll have to be on
			good terms with your (wealthy) parents, or have a
			part-time job to get money though.

	Friend (is a Person)
		Sexuality (M/F/B)
			M = like males, F = like females, B = likes both.
		Stubbornness (0 - 100)
			How hard this person's resolve is. Stubborn friends
			can go without Attention for longer and still maintain
			Friendship and Romance, however they are harder to
			befriend in the first place.
		Like intelligent people (0 - 100)
		Like extroverted people (0 - 100)
			How much does this person like extroverted people. Lower
			means they prefer introverted people. 50 means they have
			no preference. People *usually* like the opposite
			personality types as themselves.
		Materialism (0 - 100)
			How important is material wealth to this person.

	Relationship (had between Persons, directed)
		Friendship (0 - 100)
			How much this person considers you their friend. 0 is
			hatred, 50 is neutral and 100 is for best friends.
		Romance (0 - 100)
			How interested this person is in you, romantically. 0 is
			nothing, up to 100 which is undying love.
		Attention (0 - 100)
			How much attention they've had from you. Paying people too
			much attention when you're not yet their friend or
			romantic interest can get you labelled as a Pervert. Aside
			from this danger, attention is a good thing.
		Jealousy (Hash of people -> ratings from 0 - 100)
			How jealous this person is of your relationship with
			somebody else. Jealousy can lead to segmentation of groups
			and even hatred.

	Item (owned by Persons)
		Previous owner(s) (keep list if other people can give gifts, i.e. not just you)
		Cost (in dollars)
		Categories (e.g. Stupid, Quiet, Athletic, Sexual, etc.)
		Description
		Potential Player Attribute Effects

	Location
		Description
		Picture
		Set of options
		A script/function for each option.

End Conditions
	Winning Conditions
		Aquiring a Boyfriend/Girlfriend
	Losing Conditions
		The Same-Sex School
		The Fat Farm

Random Events
	Someone (not a friend) hits on your bf/gf.
	The new black changes colour (read Dolly to keep up!).
	Your favourite band breaks up (lose Style/happiness?).

Message Logs
	Each event in the game is logged and displayed in a scrolling
	list to the player. The most recent logged messages are kept
	between saved games.

